it's like that
ah
hi guys from youtube
here not indicating with a new video and
good today I bring you the barrier of 64
global this trick is a little bit old
but good I bring them and so that
you the country ones or what you have to
ccis do is make it when you
you have climbed to the table and this is
removing the wooden board is worth and
then you stay here here does not happen
nothing the two minutes or anything but good
what you have to do is follow by
where I go in the video is worth and then you
you'll be in the double zone where there are two
you have to do the bull without windows
drive in a window and then you leave
and you stay where the answer is worth
but the safest thing is that you have to
throw the vouchers that is to say in the
in the trash is worth father so you want a
barrier and you can kill the zombies
because that's how zombies will kill us
here before the false none that is
thank you very much for the video vote the
little daughter liked a greeting and even the
next
by his side in the corners
their successes
arias
assange is also the version of being
like that sacred mission kim
while the country of traitors with your
plants
and
Y
your destiny beyond the life of
triggers or links fond your successes but
good several distances
nothing more